Zharia Tucker: Okay, sorry about that. Yes, okay. So the time is now 8 0, 6, this is our team meeting for September 28, th 2024.
Zharia Tucker: Everyone is here. Cole, Sean, Nasir and Zaria.
Zharia Tucker: We're just gonna run through our meeting minutes and agenda items. So our 1st item is, gonna be just addressing the group communication. The second one is gonna be about the assignment for the milestone one.
Zharia Tucker: and our last meeting agenda will be just a delegation of the task.
Zharia Tucker: So
Zharia Tucker: I'm just gonna pull up some notes that I had
Zharia Tucker: so just about the 1st one, I just wanna make sure. I know this is our 1st official meeting, but I did just wanna make sure that we're all staying active. Just in our communication, Sean. I know you had a mix up with our time, but I do appreciate you coming back and saying something
Zharia Tucker: and being able to join. But that goes for me or any of us. Just make sure that when texts are sent regardless if I send them. I know this week was kind of hard, considering the storm and whatnot
Zharia Tucker: but just make sure to just check up in your text messages that I may send, or any other one of us may send.
Zharia Tucker: I know we agreed. That text messages in zoom, or like a group facetime will be our communication. So just make sure that we're all
Zharia Tucker: checking up. In there. Was there anything that you all wanted to address with that as well?
Zharia Tucker: Hello!
Cole: My fault. It cut out. What did you say?
Zharia Tucker: Oh, I was just asking. I I know I kind of gave a spill. But was there anything else that you all wanted to address?
Cole: No, I'm good.
sean lang: Yeah, I think I'm good on everything.
Zharia Tucker: Okay.
Zharia Tucker: so there's a section
Zharia Tucker: for
Zharia Tucker: like a conclusion. I can. I'll just
Zharia Tucker: put down group agreed.
Zharia Tucker: Please go active.
Zharia Tucker: There isn't. There is a section for action items in this communication. I don't believe we really need any unless y'all think otherwise. There's an action items
Zharia Tucker: person responsible and a deadline.
Zharia Tucker: That was just more so, I guess. Just a statement to make before we really opened up the meeting. But was were there any action items that
Zharia Tucker: you all wanted to add any deadlines or someone responsible for it.
Naser Halloum: So are you looking at project meeting guidelines.
Zharia Tucker: Yes, I am.
Naser Halloum: Or a section.
Zharia Tucker: It's the 1st section under the minutes. So it says, the agenda discussion, conclusions and action items.
Naser Halloum: Okay.
Zharia Tucker: You probably can't see, but I've already filled out like the agenda item, if it probably didn't populate for you. But I just didn't know if there were any action items for.
Naser Halloum: You can share your screen so we can see what you see now. Right now.
Zharia Tucker: Okay, give me one second because I am on
Zharia Tucker: my ipad, but I can join.
Zharia Tucker: Let me join from my laptop real quick.
Zharia Tucker: Yeah, I'll just. It'll just be 2 of me. Okay, give me one second.
Zharia Tucker: Can anyone find?
Zharia Tucker: Never mind. Never mind.
Zharia Tucker: 1, 2, 8.
Zharia Tucker: See?
Zharia Tucker: Okay? You all can still hear me.
Naser Halloum: Yes.
Zharia Tucker: Okay.
Zharia Tucker: Just making sure.
Cole: Yes.
Zharia Tucker: Okay, let me share my screen.
Zharia Tucker: Okay, so this is what I was referring to.
Zharia Tucker: the action items right here.
Zharia Tucker: If there was anything that you all wanted to add for this.
Naser Halloum: So what do you mean by action? Items
Naser Halloum: like what? What's expected from action items.
Zharia Tucker: I'm assuming for for action items. It would be like if one of our
Zharia Tucker: like, when we delegate our task, an action item could be.
Zharia Tucker: You get something.
Zharia Tucker: You get the budget done by tomorrow at 2 o'clock. It would be like that. So the action item would be for you to complete the budget, the person responsible would be you, and then the deadline would be a date or time. For example, just, for example.
Zharia Tucker: But obviously, that's what I'm saying. Obviously for this, it was just more so of an open discussion. So I didn't have an action item to put for this agenda item. Unless someone did
Zharia Tucker: it doesn't. I don't see how, but if if so, it's fine.
Cole: No, I don't.
Zharia Tucker: No, okay.
Zharia Tucker: we can move forward. And I'm working off
Zharia Tucker: like 2, 3 devices right now, so we can move forward with the
Zharia Tucker: next agenda item, which was the assignment that is due tomorrow at 1155
Zharia Tucker: I'm just gonna add
Zharia Tucker: my name here, but if anyone else wants to present or talk about it. I mean, we can. We'll discuss regardless.
Zharia Tucker: But the discussion. I didn't finish this, but the discussion was to address the components of mile someone, and to make sure
Zharia Tucker: the group
Zharia Tucker: is delegated task
Zharia Tucker: by the end of the meeting.
Zharia Tucker: So going back to
Zharia Tucker: assignment, I'm pulling that up now. There are. There are a lot of different components.
Zharia Tucker: so there's a swot analysis, a budget scope and time. Estimate a team contract
Zharia Tucker: and just for the professional document. There it needs to be a cover page table of contents and page numbers. I believe that's all for this assignment.
Zharia Tucker: My thoughts
Zharia Tucker: were to obviously work on the team contract together.
Zharia Tucker: We kinda have to just to make sure that we all are collaborating and making sure that we all have the same visual
Zharia Tucker: for how we want to work on this. The project, Charter. I also looked at that as well. I don't mind taking on that task
Zharia Tucker: which really leaves the swot analysis
Zharia Tucker: and the budget, the swot analysis, the budget, scope and time chart as well as the like other things to cover page table of contents and page numbers.
Zharia Tucker: So I just wanted to know how y'all wanted to delegate.
Cole: I'll do the swot analysis.
Zharia Tucker: Who said that?
Cole: Call.
Zharia Tucker: Okay. Sorry I can't let me change the view again.
Zharia Tucker: Okay, Cole said that so Cole will take on the swot analysis. Okay,
Naser Halloum: I'm doing budget.
Zharia Tucker: Yes, okay, great. So I know not. Sarah asked you once before, like how you feel about budgets and just like
Zharia Tucker: creating those type of charts. I don't mind helping on it as well, but just so we're all kind of doing equal parts. Shawn, do you mind
Zharia Tucker: how how good are you with creating budgets.
sean lang: I mean, I've taken an accounting class. So I should be fine with it. And I was also gonna say, I'd be fine doing the table of contents and the page numbers.
sean lang: Okay, that's we still need to.
Zharia Tucker: Yes, so
Zharia Tucker: so Nasir Sean will take on the budget and
Zharia Tucker: There's a document that she's included.
Zharia Tucker: Sorry I'm taking notes doing this as well. But there's a doc. There's a document that she included. Sorry, it's under sample document. If you scroll down to page
Zharia Tucker: about 12, I believe.
Zharia Tucker: Yes, about 1212, through 14. There is a
Zharia Tucker: some documents or some charts. I'm not sure how
Zharia Tucker: intricate she wants these.
Zharia Tucker: So I would think, whatever you all can produce would be great. It would definitely take some collaboration. And like I said, if if Johnny help on the back end
Zharia Tucker: I'll start brainstorming stuff as well. But, Shawn, for this meeting I did want to
Zharia Tucker: just cause I I know you were the one who came up with the
Zharia Tucker: the famu uber app. I just wanted to know if you could run through your thought process again
Zharia Tucker: for the app. It would help. I think I believe it would help
Zharia Tucker: coal
Zharia Tucker: complete the swot analysis.
sean lang: Okay.
sean lang: yeah. So basically, the idea was kind of for
sean lang: like, a service for ride transportation. But it would be exclusive to like students for that. Go to famu it only like provide service to that area on campus.
sean lang: and that's pretty much the base idea I had.
sean lang: I think there were other
sean lang: like other services that we could integrate. That Uber doesn't currently have that. I put in the last document.
sean lang: So I can go back and
sean lang: pull that for you guys.
Zharia Tucker: Okay, yeah, if you could share that to our chat or
Zharia Tucker: with Cole, that will be great
Zharia Tucker: like, I said, I just think it will help all of us
Zharia Tucker: just reiterate, like what we're really doing. But I know that swot analysis. He's just gonna need those fine details.
Zharia Tucker: so I'll go ahead and put in our
Zharia Tucker: action items.
Zharia Tucker: What is it? The project, Charter? And there's another thing I'm not sure if y'all realize
Zharia Tucker: at the bottom of.
Zharia Tucker: not the bottom.
Zharia Tucker: the the documents, the requirements for this document, the assignment she has that for the Project charter, I believe it's called.
Zharia Tucker: Yes, the project, Charter, that I'm working on. It needs to be signed by her.
Zharia Tucker: So she suggested that we submit it pretty early, which obviously is 8 o'clock the night before, but she wanted us to submit it pretty early.
Zharia Tucker: so that that way, if she had any changes that we'd be able to work on that she also put that we will not receive credit if it's not signed. So
Zharia Tucker: my thought process and anyone can change the time. Just for what y'all need was to try to have everything done
Zharia Tucker: tomorrow around like 5 to 6 Pm.
Zharia Tucker: I don't.
Zharia Tucker: I would think that would maybe give her some time to look at it and make changes if necessary. But is that going to be a problem for anyone? If it is, that's fine. I just wanna be sure
Zharia Tucker: that we're trying to give her ample time to look at it? Or did y'all want to make it do earlier like, what are y'all thinking.
Cole: 5 to 6 is good for me.
sean lang: Yeah, that's good for me as well.
Naser Halloum: Yep.
Zharia Tucker: Fact, I just.
Naser Halloum: For me.
Zharia Tucker: It's between 5 to 6 pm.
Zharia Tucker: Oh, wait, hold on.
Zharia Tucker: Doesn't make any sense. Okay, so I'm gonna put that on. I just wanted I wanted to ask that now, because I see there's a
Zharia Tucker: There's a deadline section.
Zharia Tucker: So we have the project charter.
Zharia Tucker: and we'll just wanna put this for.
Zharia Tucker: Okay. What else? It was the swat.
Zharia Tucker: Cole, you said you're taking on the Swat.
Cole: Yes.
Zharia Tucker: Jeez call what's her last name?
Cole: Holloman, HOLL. OMAM.
Zharia Tucker: I know y'all somebody has somewhere
Zharia Tucker: last name.
Zharia Tucker: Let's see.
Zharia Tucker: And then more okay, and then we can put the
Zharia Tucker: and
Zharia Tucker: I don't see where I can add
Zharia Tucker: another one. But just keep in mind.
Zharia Tucker: I know, I said. I'll I'll can do the cover, page. But.
Zharia Tucker: Sean.
Zharia Tucker: if you could also get the well. You can't really put in the table of contents or page numbers without, so that'll probably be the last thing done.
sean lang: Yeah.
Zharia Tucker: Just keep that in mind as you're working through everything.
sean lang: Okay.
Zharia Tucker: Yeah.
Zharia Tucker: Okay.
Zharia Tucker: Sorry
Zharia Tucker: at 6 pm.
Zharia Tucker: okay, those were really, just my 2.
Zharia Tucker: Well, you know, I guess I can put the last meeting agenda as
Zharia Tucker: oh.
Zharia Tucker: so there is also a team contract
Zharia Tucker: and if y'all had, if y'all have had the chance to look at it, sorry it's really just us talking and making sure that we're aligning on the same thing. So I did just want to go ahead and do that while we're all on the phone with one another.
Zharia Tucker: But if you're not able to pull it up, then I can go ahead and just read off on it. And like, I said, I'm still taking notes on
Zharia Tucker: things that are being said. So the 1st question for the project team contract is about our goals. So the questions are, What are our goals? What are our team goals for this project? And what do we want to accomplish?
Cole: To create a way for famu students to travel around campus safely.
Zharia Tucker: Okay.
Zharia Tucker: And I know Shawn. Yeah, that was Sean who mentioned earlier something that was exclusive as well. I did like that word. So I wanted to make a note of that.
Zharia Tucker: just like an exclusive transportation to famu students.
sean lang: Yeah.
Zharia Tucker: The next question is, what do we want to accomplish? I think we already answered that.
Zharia Tucker: I think another thing that could be mentioned was providing students with jobs around campus if we just wanted to make it like with
Zharia Tucker: literally within the famu community.
Zharia Tucker: type of thing. And I would think, for that point. A weakness or a threat call
Zharia Tucker: would just be the safety of students driving students.
Zharia Tucker: If that makes sense.
Cole: I understand what you're saying, yeah.
sean lang: You can go.
Zharia Tucker: Yes, I would just we could all just keep that in mind. But definitely for the swat. We we may have to throw that in somewhere, because that may be a concern for
Zharia Tucker: legal reasons for the school. That could be a threat, a legal threat for the school?
Zharia Tucker: And then the last question for the goals is, what skills do we want to develop or refine
Zharia Tucker: starting.
sean lang: Is that like, would that just be generally or like just with this kind of topic?
Zharia Tucker: I believe it's
Zharia Tucker: hmm.
Zharia Tucker: I I took it as.
Naser Halloum: Generally, I think.
Zharia Tucker: I'm sorry. What did you say now, sir?
Naser Halloum: I think it's in general. It's talking about
Naser Halloum: engineering.
Zharia Tucker: Yeah, I think it's in general, too, like outside of the project. What do we personally, as a group.
Zharia Tucker: want to develop or refine? I was the only one that I could really think of was like app development.
Zharia Tucker: I mean, it would kind of help us understand the ins and outs of it.
Zharia Tucker: I don't. I know we're not literally making one, but.
sean lang: I would agree, I would definitely say that, and also
sean lang: for me, I'd say, like knowing how to accurately measure how long like a certain task would take.
sean lang: or I guess, just like time management skills.
Zharia Tucker: I cannot spell today. Okay, how to measure. Let's see.
Zharia Tucker: So app development how to.
Zharia Tucker: And you said, that could be time management. Okay.
Zharia Tucker: the next question, if there's no more responses for that, one is for our expectations. What do we expect of one another in regard to attendance at meetings. Participation.
Zharia Tucker: frequency of communication, the quality of work, etc.
Cole: I say, in terms of like communicating like at least twice a week, because we have classes twice a week on Wednesday. So at the least twice.
Zharia Tucker: Okay, meet meets twice a week, I would say,
Zharia Tucker: again. Just going back to the 1st point. Just timeliness communication.
Zharia Tucker: and just like be on time. I guess that's timeliness. But just make sure that we're meeting deadlines that we set for one another.
Zharia Tucker: Is there anything else anybody else wanted to add, if not, it's okay.
Zharia Tucker: No, okay.
Zharia Tucker: Moving on to the next one is policies and procedures. What rules can we agree on to help us meet our goals and expectations.
Zharia Tucker: I feel like the one of the rules that we've all spoke on just
Zharia Tucker: so far in us. Getting
Zharia Tucker: like having our meetings is
Zharia Tucker: communicating. Make make sure that you communicate with one another.
Zharia Tucker: I would say. Another one is to
Zharia Tucker: maintain integrity
Zharia Tucker: in our work.
Zharia Tucker: Make sure, like our work is our own.
Zharia Tucker: but that we're collaborating with each other on it.
Zharia Tucker: Is there anything.
sean lang: We could also say, maybe just sticking to like the
sean lang: the company mission statement kind of like that goes along with the charter
sean lang: like basically just not coming up with anything too far from the actual idea.
Zharia Tucker: Okay, stick to the company mission statement.
Zharia Tucker: Okay?
Zharia Tucker: Any other ones?
Zharia Tucker: Okay, no problem.
Zharia Tucker: And the last question
Zharia Tucker: is about consequences. So how will we address non-performance in regard to these goals, expectations.
Zharia Tucker: policies, and procedures.
Naser Halloum: Let the instructor
Naser Halloum: know about what happened.
Naser Halloum: If something happens.
Zharia Tucker: Okay.
Zharia Tucker: okay.
Zharia Tucker: reach out to the professor. And I believe,
Zharia Tucker: On this assignment there is
Zharia Tucker: the Cis 4, 3, 0 1 project overview.
Zharia Tucker: She talked about this before, but hopefully we won't do this. But there is a section about removing a teammate team member.
Zharia Tucker: So I'm sure there's the process
Zharia Tucker: and how to do all of that there, if necessary. But was there any other consequence? I was thinking
Zharia Tucker: before
Zharia Tucker: talking with the Professor to meet with that person first.st
Naser Halloum: Yeah, and try to solve the issue on our own.
sean lang: Brew.
Zharia Tucker: Right. Yes.
Zharia Tucker: and then, like, I said, if necessary, hope hopefully not. Probably not. But
Zharia Tucker: that's always another way that we can go as a consequence.
Zharia Tucker: I do believe that that was
Zharia Tucker: all that work that I wanted to meet about for the agenda
Zharia Tucker: again for this team contract. Since it was.
Zharia Tucker: I'm just. I'll just say that the presenter was everyone.
Zharia Tucker: I feel like the presenter was everyone. I don't. I don't really know what she wants with the presenter.
Naser Halloum: I think you should type our names. If you want to say everyone.
Zharia Tucker: For everyone. Okay.
Zharia Tucker: SHOL LOMA, N. Co.
Cole: Yes.
Zharia Tucker: Okay.
Zharia Tucker: let's see
Zharia Tucker: again for
Zharia Tucker: the action items. I don't think there's much that we
Zharia Tucker: could put, since it was just another
Zharia Tucker: open discussion. But if there are any ideas for control there, I'm definitely open to putting them down for us.
Zharia Tucker: We didn't have any observers. We didn't have any other resources or special notes to give.
Zharia Tucker: This is really just a document. I just wanted to share out everything but
Zharia Tucker: there should be an official note taker. The meeting should be added to a repository.
Zharia Tucker: The facilitators I need to add that then.
Zharia Tucker: Okay.
Zharia Tucker: and there is a note that she'll request to be present in at least 2 to 3.
Zharia Tucker: Obviously we're not there at that point yet, but I do believe that's all for this project meetings, guideline document. Is there anything else that
Zharia Tucker: you all? Let me add, y'all. But is there anything else that anyone wanted to address while we are still meeting.
Cole: No, I don't have anything.
sean lang: Yeah, me, neither.
Zharia Tucker: We really met like 8 O.
Zharia Tucker: Or she checks the time.
Zharia Tucker: There's not a ending time on here. So I want to stop sharing
Zharia Tucker: just want to reiterate again.
Zharia Tucker: I'm gonna try to work on
Zharia Tucker: some something tonight, hopefully, maybe, but regardless. We did set a deadline for tomorrow at 5 to 6 Pm. For whatever reason, if anything comes up, it is understandable. But please just say so in the chat ahead of time.
Zharia Tucker: so we know how to fill in the task, or just whenever you think you'll be able to
Zharia Tucker: do it, just let us know or let me know on the side doesn't matter, just so that we are still maintaining our communication, please.
Zharia Tucker: That was great.
Naser Halloum: Sounds good.
Zharia Tucker: Okay? So I think this all meetings over at 8 32 is, do I have to
Zharia Tucker: stop the recording before I end it? Do you all know.
Naser Halloum: It doesn't matter.
Zharia Tucker: Okay, let me let me stop.
Zharia Tucker: And if I stop recording, does it automatically save.
Naser Halloum: Yeah, when you end the Zoom Meeting, it's gonna pop up.
Zharia Tucker: Okay, great, thank you. Let me just
Zharia Tucker: take a picture just in case
Zharia Tucker: just in case something goes wrong. Okay, thank you. Guys have a good night.
Naser Halloum: Alright! You too.
Cole: How are you doing.